ACP2E-1598: [Documentation] Update GraphQL documentation to reflect changes introduced in ACP2E-1494 (#75)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/products/interfaces/routable.md

  }
}
```

## Routable URL

`RoutableUrl` is the default implementation of RoutableInterface. This type is returned when the URL is not linked to an entity.

### Example

> In the following example, an internal URL `support.html` is configured to redirect to an external URL `https://support.example.com/` using URL Rewrite.

Reviewer: Add a sentence explaining why `type` contains a null value.

Author: Good point. I added it in an info box right before the example section. Should I move it down here under Example, please let me know!

  }
}
```

## Routable URL

> `RoutableUrl` is the default implementation of RoutableInterface. This type is returned when the URL is not linked to an entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RoutableUrl` is the default implementation of RoutableInterface. This type is returned when the URL is not linked to a product or CMS page or to a category. As a result, the `RoutableUrl.type` field always returns `null`.
```

Delete the InlineAlert note box.
